We emit a LOT of CO2 In one year the world emits 33 billion tons of CO2, that many tons could form a giant CO2 cube measuring over 28 km on each side.
By 2030, our emissions of CO2 could rise to 40 billion tons
Its not only about CO2 There are many other, and stronger, greenhouse gases than CO2. By 2030, all these emissions could grow by 34 percent - or what would correspond to a total of 57 billion tons of CO2.
Where does it come from? Besides the burning of fossil fuels for energy and transportation, deforestation is a major source of CO2 emissions. Why? Because the CO2 that trees absorb and store is released into the atmosphere
Deforestation is a major factor deforestation is responsible for more greenhouse gas emissions than all the worlds cars, trucks, planes and ships combined.
Less Driving  park your car once a day if possible and work from home or just walk to your destination. Carpooling is a great way to help reduce carbon emissions while also providing you with networking opportunities.
Water Usage  the efforts to maintain and purify our drinking water can take a huge toll on carbon emissions. Consider the treatment plants and their operating equipment footprints along with all of the various chemicals needed to purify our water. Use water wisely and do not waste it.
2014 was the worlds hottest year on record
Average global sea level is expected to rise 7 23 inches before the end of this century
More than a million species face potential extinction as a result of disappearing habitats, changing ecosystems, and acidifying oceans
The Arctic region may have its first completely ice-free summer by 2040
The "greenhouse effect" is the warming that happens when certain gases in Earth's atmosphere trap heat. These gases let in light but keep heat from escaping, like the glass walls of a greenhouse, hence the name.
In 1895, the Swedish chemist Svante Arrhenius discovered that humans could enhance the greenhouse effect by making carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas. He kicked off 100 years of climate research that has given us a sophisticated understanding of global warming.
The rapid rise in greenhouse gases is a problem because it’s changing the climate faster than some living things can adapt to. Also, a new and more unpredictable climate poses unique challenges to all life.